Introduction:
+++++++++++++++

The Bohemian approach of developing, testing and deploying the softwares
is not very efficient.
The process of developing and releasing the software updates can be
complex and if not handled at the right time, it me lead the developer 
and his team into a huge problem. To avoid such kind of issues while 
developing a software and to develop, test and release the software updates
at the right time there are different strategies of software development
and testing, which me help the developers to meticulously code the software
and to deploy them with more efficiency.

Continuous Integration:
------------------------

When a software is developed by meticulously following the techniques of
continuous integration the developers are supposed to merge or integrate 
their branches frequently, where the frequency can be several times a day.
Continuous Integration encourages us to avoid the strategy of developing
different modules and features of a project in isolation and to integrate
the complete code at the end of the development cycle. The basic approach 
behind the strategy of Continuous Integration is to reduce the cost of 
integration of code by applying the process of integration at an early 
stage of development and that too quite frequent, so that all the issues
which are suspected to occur in the project can be avoided and can be considered
at an early stage of development. The conflicts which can occur between
the boundaries of new and existing code, can be discovered by the developers
at an early stage of development, as at that time it is relatively easy to
reconcile. Once all the conflicts are resolved successfully, the developers
can go on with the further development of the code with the complete
confidence that the new code which they will be writing, will show no conflicts
and will respect the existing code base.

The Integration practices with respect to the Continuous Integration helps us
ton automate the build process of the application and to automate the testing process.
When a developer merges the code with the main branch or on the basis of the 
configuration mentioned by the user at the time of pushing the code into the 
Version Control System, an automates process is kicked off which initiates the 
build process of the code written the repository of the version control system.
At the time of building the repository, the automated test suites are executed
and automation testing is performed. If the test cases fails in that case the 
build also fails and the team is notified regarding the failure of the build,
so that the team can work together to fix the build.

The main purpose of the Continuous Integration is to simplify the process of 
integration of code 
